DOCS-1321: Add correct link for Gantry method (#2092)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/gantry/_index.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ### GetLengths

Author: ```suggestion
### Lengths
```

- [(List\[float\])](https://docs.python.org/3/library/typing.html#typing.List): A list of the lengths of the axes of the gantry in millimeters.

> For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/autoapi/viam/components/gantry/client/index.html#viam.components.gantry.client.GantryClient.get_lengths).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [Python SDK Docs](https://python.viam.dev/_modules/viam/components/gantry/gantry.html#Gantry.get_lengths).
```
